hi oh yeah got involved if you want me
to drive you we gotta go no personal
chauffeur going works okay seriously dad
walking would have been fine
breaking news spider-man saves the day
again spider-man this guy swings in once
the day's zip zap zop dancing guys don't
cops run red lights oh you're some dude
but uh not your dad
in your universe there's only one
spider-man but there's another universe
it looks this sounds like yours but it's
not my name is Miles Morales
thank you you like me I knew my day
would come around this time I know it's
complicated
wanna know what happened to you I can
teach you to be spider-man I love this
burger so delicious the best burgers
I've ever had
you have money right I'm not very liquid
right now I think you're gonna be a bad
teacher how am I supposed to save the
whole world you can't think about saving
the world you have to think about saving
one person one thing I know for sure
don't do it like me do it like you
[Applause]
[Music]
I see the spark in you it's amazing pack
up whatever you choose to do it that
you'll be great
I love you mom's no dad you gotta say I
love you back are you serious I wanna
hear it you want to hear I love you dad
I love you got a copy time to swing just
like I thought when did you teach me
that I didn't it's a little joke the
team-building hey guys okay
who are you I'm Gwen Stacy my people are
there same as a comic-con
what's coming
[Music]
this morning I woke up in a
[Applause]
[Music]
wait so how many of us are you